Annotate internal function IDs (#14050)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

Bugfixes:

AST Changes:

>  * AST: add ``internalFunctionID`` annotation to AST node of internal functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * AST: add the ``internalFunctionID`` field to the AST nodes of functions that may be called via the internal dispatch. These IDs are always generated, but they are only used in via-IR code generation.
```
